a view of what I've been doing has certainly changed. I would say that
I was very naive and myopic and how I viewed what I thought I was gonna
be doing when I first was commissioned. But as the realities became
more and more parents, I would say, my son I was a bit more became
a bit more cynical than I originally was, which is not necessarily
a positive thing. But at the same time, when you see the reality
of what you're you're doing it, it can help you prioritize the things
that the matter. Okay, um well, no, not all going to take off from
aircraft carriers and shoot down makes. That's just not reality. What
we are going to do is spend a lot of time training for something
that we don't end up doing. Um, so, like any job, while this is definitely
more exciting than most, that is for sure, you kind of end up
in a routine of ensuring the normal things get done, you know, making
sure people get trained, making sure that you're you're you're passing
muster on inspections and things like that. Um, and it becomes
kind. It does become kind of run of the mill even though you're flying
a $30 million machine and in some respects, $100 million machines.
So, uh, even doing something exciting like that, you can kind of
find yourself getting into a routine and just realizing that this is
this is at its very core, a job doesn't mean it. It's not a noble job,
but it is still kind of a job, and that's one of the things that
have come to terms with over my time in the Navy.